I remember religion; such an odd thing it was. The human desire for meaning and purpose lead us so far down these purely theoretical rabbit holes. Countless forms of media - books, songs, movies, and more, were created from these ideas. Concepts of one or several supreme beings in our reality fueled centuries worth of human effort. So many names - "Zeus", "Ares", "Allah", "God" - were given to them, yet no truly tangible evidence was ever uncovered.
On the other end, so many so vehemently opposed these concepts of "God" and "religion". They called them "fairytales", and mocked their followers as "cultists". Time and time again, endless debates would rage on with them trying to "debunk" and "disprove" religion.
Truth be told, I've been on both sides of the debate. I've flip-flopped between religion and atheism so many times, I've lost count. I desperately wanted to find truth and meaning, yet neither side ever left me satisfied.

Looking back on it all, I can only scoff at stupid both sides were.

On one end, we have the religious ones, so varied in beliefs, yet so strong in their faiths, satisfied with themselves in knowing that they were right in the eyes of their god. Yet none ever stopped to ask, which "god" was the "right" one? What if they were following Zeus, when they should have been following Allah? Why were they praying to God instead of Neptune? Hell, what if none of the gods were even real to begin with? How can followers of a religion profess "love" and "compassion" when their predecessors committed horrendous violent acts? What determines a "real" follower of a religion? How do you know you religion is right, and all the others are wrong? Of course, this all feeds into one massive problem I have yet to be seen addressed:
**Imagine the consequences of a God being proven real.**
Society as a whole would be flipped on its head. Countless methods and models humans have come up with to describe the universe would have to be changed. The very core of how we came into existence, and how humans came to be would have to be completely rethought. Furthermore, think of the social uproar that the existence of a "god" would have. Where did these gods come from? Why did they make us, if they even *did* make us in the first place? What purpose do they serve? What purpose do *we* serve? Why let an imperfect society like ours exist? Why not make it perfect?
So many question, and so little answers. I don't think many religious people understand just how cataclysmic religion being true would be.

That brings me to the other end: the atheists. Strong in their ways of "science" and "fact", they always based their beliefs on what could be observed and reproduced. It's a sound way of thinking if one doesn't think about it too much. Even if one bases everything on "Truth", a plethora of logic holes can still be poked. What even is "truth"? What determines it? Is there an absolute truth? If not, is it "absolute truth" that there *is no absolute truth*? Most of all though, even if all of these questions could be soundly and fully answered, it still leaves one question behind.
...Who cares?
Really, who cares? If there truly is no God - no supreme being or higher level of intelligence - no further plane of existence beyond our own, what's the point of anything? This universe came to through chance, and chance alone. Every single "advancement" if life is just a product of randomness. All beliefs, morals, emotions, and achievements of humanity are not only completely unremarkable, reducible to a few chemicals reactions in a container we call a "brain", but are also completely worthless. It doesn't matter how "advanced" a society is if that society has no purpose or reason for being. Morals are a meaningless social construct, again made by some chemical reactions in a brain or two. Hell, even if humanity found a way to "live forever", it truly wouldn't be forever. **Infinity is not real.** There is no escaping the heat death of the universe. Truly, most efficient way to live would be to die as fast as possible.

I don't know if any religion is true.
I don't know if atheism is true.
Honestly,
I don't want to.