If you're searching for the polar opposite of comfort food look no farther than the aggressively mediocre MRE, more formally known as "Meal, Ready-to-Eat". Unlike most foods, MREs can inspire disappointment by mention alone. Upon about half a second of thought, one wonders why MREs are called such a clunky name and acronym instead of the far superior REM (Readily Edible Meal). "MRE" hogs three entire syllables while "REM" rolls off the tongue with one. "Meal, Ready to Eat" barely makes grammatical sense, and completely loses that sense when used in plural - "Meal, Ready to Eats." "Readily Edible Meals" makes sense in singular and plural while also refraining from making you sound profoundly stupid. Of course, if you do willingly eat MREs, that boot fits you perfectly. Now then, let's move on.

MRE's are a form of food provided to soldiers in the army, just in case being shot at wasn't bad enough. It is claimed claimed that they provide calories and energy to sustain a soldier during day to day life and combat, however the only things MREs have sustained in me are depression, and ever-increasing intrusive thoughts. Indeed, MREs fill your stomach almost as much as they drain your soul. I've had the personal displeasure of suffering through many MREs hailing from various years and countries, and can confidently report that they are all equally horrendous. 
***
**2008 British RAF Emergency Flying Ration Mark 9**

This ration was designed for long-term storage in aircraft and life raft survival kits, and was traditionally provided to members of the British Royal Air Force. How this MRE is "royal", or why its recipients didn't immediately commit mutiny I will never know. Anyways, lets discuss the contents. The MRE's container (which likely tastes better than its contents) imprisons several items, including six beef stock cubes, twelve sugar cubes, sixteen compressed food portions, seven instant coffee packets, seven tea and coffee whiteners, seven packets of salt, and four packets of black tea. The MRE even comes with handles for its two metal halves so you can pretend like you're making and eating real food. 

If animals have souls, the cows used to make the beef stock cubes certainly didn't. Mix a cube into a pint of water (or don't) to make the saddest beef broth known to man. It looks like dirty oil and tastes like the ghost of a microwaved steak. On the bright side, the salt packets can be used to enhance the "flavor". Three bowls of broth a day will keep you alive, but not much else.

*"The saddest thing about betrayal is that it never from your enemies. It comes from friends and loved ones."* - A dead wrong quote from a dead, wrong idiot.
Anyone can betray you. Betrayal comes from lies, broken promises, and unmet expectations. The food portions accomplished all three. Their packaging had a warning: "Do not eat more than 8 portions a day." To think that someone would be compelled to eat more than one astonished me. I'd even go as far to say that it excited me. Perhaps these food portions could salvage the nothingness of the beef broth? They looked like a traditional, compressed granola bar, and even smelled quite pleasant - like a vanilla cookie. With a hint of expectation, I bit into one and...
**Betrayal.**
Instead of a firm chew or satisfying crunch, the bar crumbled into what may as well have been sand. The portion dust had no flavor, no texture, and no mercy. It dried my mouth instantly, and I was forced to wash it down with the rest of the beef broth. In a cruel twist of irony, compared to the portion, the broth felt like it was bursting with flavor. I miraculously survived my encounter with the portion, and proceeded to lament for the next hour about the fact that I had never learned to cook.

I hate the taste of coffee, and tea has no flavor. Naturally, they were my favorite part of the MRE. They sucked in a way that reminded me of my old home, my first time trying coffee, and my family laughing at my appalled reaction to it. Going down that memory lane was nice, until I remembered where everyone in those memories ended up.
***
*Addendum from Entry 1019*
**Sunflight's Cooking**
If there's a God, then He smiled at me today. I'm never eating an MRE again.