## Overview
Achilles, more generally known as "Samuel's Armor" is a modular suit of full body armor developed and built by [[Samuel Hawkins]]. The Shell has been through several iterations with varying properties and abilities.
## Iterations
### Version 1 - "The Shell"
Version 1 of Samuel's Armor, dubbed "The Shell", was a dark grey and yellow metallic suit of armor reminiscent of [15th Century German Gothic Armor](https://i.etsystatic.com/21247033/r/il/d9f995/2396012708/il_794xN.2396012708_qbqe.jpg) with the addition of several modern changes. Changes included the boot modules resembling [modern tactical boots](https://www.rockyboots.com/on/demandware.static/-/Sites-Master-Product-catalog-en/default/dwce73568a/images/2016/RKC053_EXTRALARGE.jpg), the entire composed of several different materials instead of just steel, an overall reduction of seams, cracks, and crevices that one would normally find in the aforementioned Gothic armor. The armor also included a head-mounted flashlight, a heavily reinforced Plexiglas visor, and a neurological linking system that allowed the armor to move with the user. The latter allowed the suit to slightly assist the user in aiming, moving, and combat. It also greatly enhanced the User's strength. The Shell's biggest claim to fame was it's fast deploy ability. The Shell could collapse into a pair of boots or fully deploy itself from boot form within less than two seconds. Concerning durability, The Shell was highly resistant to physical impact, bring crushed, heat, and especially radiation. The suit was also watertight, and could be made airtight for short periods of time. The suit's main weaknesses were that it provided no protection against magic, was heavily affected by cold temperatures, was loud when moving, and weighed 400 lbs, making it effectively useless, should it's neurological link be breached. The Shell is heavily inspired by the [# Da'at Yichud Power Suit](https://wolfenstein.fandom.com/wiki/Da%27at_Yichud_Power_Suit) from the Wolfenstein video game series.
### Version 2 - "Achilles"
Version 2 of Samuel's Armor, dubbed "Achilles" is a ground-up redesign of the initial suit of armor, designed and built by Sammy, and co-built by Hephaestus. The suit is composed of two glove modules, two boot modules, and a chest module, all worn under regular clothing. For protection, Achilles uses large sums of energy to project a thin, but incredibly strong repulsive electric field just above the surface of the user's skin or clothes. The field's distance from the user's skin can be adjusted, though greater / farther values require exponentially larger sums of energy to operate. The electric field moves dynamically with the user's body, and can be mentally toggled. The suit is powered by a pure matter-to-energy reactor located on the front of the chest module. The reactor was designed and built by Hephaestus, and incorporated into the armor by Sammy. When not actively reflecting damage, the suit requires about 1 kg of matter per hour to stay functional. Under use, about 5 kg per hour, and under heavy use, about 10 kg per hour. Should the suit run out of energy, it will deactivate until "fed" more matter. The suit is "fed" by stuffing any bits of matter into the chest reactor, where it is absorbed and slowly transformed into pure energy, which is stored for later use. The suit can store up to 100 kg of excess matter to be turned into energy. Stored excess matter does not add to the suit's weight. Achilles, provided it has enough energy, is able to defend against and deflect extreme heat, radiation, extreme pressure, physical impact, slicing, or any other form of physical damage. The suit can also resist the forces of magic, though about 10$\times$ less efficiently as it can regular physical impact. The suit's protection layer is invisible at all times. It's only indication of being activated is a gentle, nearly inaudible humming noise while it is active. Activating and deactivating the suit is nearly instant 
